the mandalorian and cara dune board an
imperial shuttle and capture dr pershing
[Music]
the mandalorian and boba fett visit
bokuton and coska reeves at a cantina
and after a quarrel between fat and
reeves about the purity of the former's
mandalorian lineage a they agree to help
rescue grago in exchange for bokoten
getting the darksaber from gideon
dr pershing warns the cruiser is
defended by dark trooper droids
[Music]
they use the shuttle to get close as
fett pretends to attack them in slavite
and they crash land in the tie fighter
launch tube
[Music]
and dune fight through stormtroopers to
the bridge
[Music]
meanwhile the mandalorian finds the dark
troopers and attempts to seal them off
although one breaks through after a
protracted struggle
he barely defeats it using his biscar
spear and ejects the others out the
[Music]
airlock
he then enters the cell where move
gideon is standing by grago with the
darksaber extended
gideon offers to let the mandalorian
take grago if he leaves the ship
immediately
but gideon strikes the mandalorian when
his back is turned
[Music]
the mandalorian fights gideon with the
biscar spear and overpowers the move
inadvertently making him the new
rightful owner of the darksaber
upon delivering gideon to the others on
the ship's bridge the moff attempts to
goad bokehton into attacking the
mandalorian so she can rightfully claim
the darksaber and take the throne of
[Music]
mandalore
the dark troopers return and close in
upon the bridge
working to break through the blast doors
[Music]
a single x-wing lands the pilot of which
is a jedi knight who engages and
destroys all of the dark troopers
gideon seizes an opportunity to kill
graga but his blaster shot is blocked by
the mandalorian
instead of dropping his weapon gideon
tries to shoot himself but is disarmed
by cara dune
[Music]
the others object but the mandalorian
opens the blast doors to the jedi
who reveals himself to be luke skywalker
grago hesitates to leave with luke until
the mandalorian gives his permission to
go with the jedi to complete his
training
in an emotional farewell to grago the
mandalorian removes his helmet and
tearfully looks on as luke
accompanied by r2d2 departs with grogo
[Music]
on tatooine at jabba's palace fennec
kills several guards
then fed kills bib fortuna and takes the
throne
you